Add docs for decommissioning nodes with the operator (#20520)
cockroachdb/docs: src/current/v25.2/scale-cockroachdb-operator.md

    ~~~ shell
    kubectl get pods
    ~~~

## Decommission nodes

When a Kubernetes node is scheduled for removal or maintenance, the {{ site.data.products.cockroachdb-operator }} can be instructed to decommission the CockroachDB nodes scheduled on this Kubernetes node. Decommissioning safely moves data and workloads away before the node goes offline.

{{site.data.alerts.callout_info}}
Once annotated, the Kubernetes node is cordoned so no further pods are scheduled on the node. The annotation is not a mark for future removal, as CockroachDB is decommissioned on the node immediately.

> If cluster capacity is limited, replacement pods may remain in the `Pending` state until new nodes are available.

Reviewer: Can we modify this to be more generic as `new nodes are available` is not entirely correct, something like below.

```suggestion
If cluster resources are constrained, replacement pods may remain in the Pending state until the Kubernetes scheduler identifies suitable nodes.
```
